>> Estelle Weyl: Next we have
linguistic or language pseudo classes.
So CSS 2.1, we already saw that we,
[INAUDIBLE] that came from CCS 1,
no it came from 2.0.
Which is any element that has
an attribute, in this case, lang.
So it's basically F, or
F attribute pipe equals val.
Right, remember this?
It's basically any element F that
has the attribute attribute,
with a value that starts with
the value with or without a dash.
So it would match en, it would
match en-us, it would match en-uk.
So we've already had that forever.
And the things is with this one, is this
just matches that HTML element right?
It doesn't match the entire document, well
in this case it does because it's HTML.
But if the language was
declared in English in
the HTML,
>> Estelle Weyl: So
then we have the lang basically it
says is this language in english?
It doesn't have to be declared
on that element itself.
The first one is saying,
is that attribute present on this element?
The second one is saying is
the language of this document here
at this time right now?
Because you can change it for an element.
You can say the language of this
paragraph is gonna be French,
even though this whole document is in
English, this paragraph is in French.
And then you can target it with
either p lang equals FR or p lang FR.
And so the p lang fr would be,
it is a whole document that is French, or
a section of the page that is in French or
it could be span lang fr.
Which would be a span
within that paragraph.
That paragraph has a declaration of it
be in French, but not the span itself.
The first one, the element actually
has to have that attribute physically
on that element for it to match.
The second one means, is this doing the
natural language at this point in time.
>> Estelle Weyl: We also are going to get,
so some languages,
like there is Mandarin Chinese and
there is some other language in Chinese,
so it's like basically
any Chinese language.
Like here we have language en-es en-uk,
but it could be sp-us, en-us and
Vietnamese-us or whatever.
The dialect that's spoken
in the United States or
like French Canadian, versus English
Canadian you could match the Canadian.
And then we also have direction,
is this left to right or right to left?
It doesn't have to be declared
on that exact element.
When you have an attribute selector it
actually has to be clear on that element.